 Infinity. In its simplest definition, it simply means without limit. It's not a destination,
 it's not a size. We might have all first heard of no limit from Master P in the 90s
 and there's no limit soldiers. Now, the easiest examples of infinity come from mathematics.
 For example, if I take the integers, the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, I can continue on forever
 and it has no limit. But infinities have these crazy, strange properties. If you take the
 numbers between the whole numbers, take them, for example, the numbers between 1 and 2.
 There are more of them than there are integers. So not all infinities have the same sizes.
 And in physics, we encounter these infinite sums. Take, for example, if I add all the
 integers, but I double the integer every time. If I take 1, plus 2, plus 4, plus 8, plus 16,
 and I continue to infinity and I add up all those numbers, guess what it equals? It equals
 negative 1. Believe it or not, if you stop before infinity, you get a really big number.
 But if you carried out 2 infinity, you get negative 1. Now, mathematical abstraction is
 one thing, but what does infinity manifest itself in a real world? It's really difficult to find.
 For example, some people believe that space is infinite. We, with our instruments, we can
 measure billions of light years. And what we've just discovered is that all of the universe
 that we can see out to our horizon, because beyond that, the light hasn't yet had time
 to reach us, is only this tiny region of all the universe that is. But is it infinite?
 In fact, no one really knows. But the universe may be like the surface of a ball. It has
 no end, but yet it's finite. The universe may actually be like that. Now, there's another
 place in physics where we know that infinity actually does show up. If you take an elementary
 particle, say like an electron, as it travels through space, it can spontaneously become
 two photons, two particles of light. And each one of these can spontaneously become a matter
 and antimatter particle. And each one of them can spontaneously become two photons. And each
 one of them can spontaneously become matter, antimatter. And you end up with this infinite
 sum of possibilities and particles and photons. And does that really exist? Yes, it does. And
 the way we know is because when we do a calculation with quantum electrodynamics, and then we make
 a measurement and we compare the prediction of the calculation with the measurement, it's
 one of the most accurate predictions that science is actually able to make. They agree
 to 15 decimal places. And I'll challenge you to attempt to measure anything to even seven
 decimal places. Now, mathematical abstraction is one thing. The universe is one thing. And
 elementary particles is one thing. But where do infinities really impact our lives? In
 the words of Deepauk Chopra, you and I are infinite choice makers. We live in a field
 of all possibility where at all moments where we have access to infinite choices. And I don't
 need to look any farther than my own life to recognize that just like adding the ever
 doubling integers to get bigger and bigger numbers actually ends up giving you a very
 small negative number. The sum of all the choices that we make in our lives, even if
 many of them are negative, you can find that it sums to a very large positive value. And
 so for me, that infinity is hope and that's the infinity that matters to me. Thank you.
